1. architecture
    1 vpn server = pi vpn on ec2 instance running ubuntu latest 24.*
    x numbers of instances on private subnet, running dcv server

2. configuration
    use ansible for configuration management, installing things, copnfiguring files, and packages
    testing connectiings , checking bugs, security and vulnerability checkings

3. conection files
    in a s3 bucket, the terraform will be running and it will upload the connection vpn files and connection infos for different x users in different folders
    which i will download and test manual connect
    terraform state file and credentials on same bucket
    user*.conf and connection-info-user*.txt files for quick import and connect infos

4. automation
    for infra = use terraform
    for config = use ansible

5. security
    define every single configurable variable things in .env file, that will be the central variables, keys, controlling hub
    e.g. aws keys, no of instances, type: like t2.micro, storage etc. but dont use anything extra
    use principle of least privilage

6. access
    public subnet = vpn server, also work as nat instance, intsrnet should be accessible after connecting to the vpn server
    private subnet = not publicly accessible but should be ssh after connecting to vpn
    after connecting the dcv server through dcv client in my local .. i should be able to access the internet from the dcv server .. connected from dcv client from my pc only after connecting to vpn

7. documentation
    do a good manual, document everything clean documentation

8. clean code
    do clean coding , proper scripts, follow the best practices of clean code and do good commenting .. do 2 comments in ucases, all comments in ucase,
    1 what the code block is about, 2. what is it for what does it do or why, 

9. control
    controlling scripts: there are three scripts in root folder: create, destroy, check = for creating everything run independently, destroy created , destroy everything, check if everything ready and how much left and what ip and how we connect / shh public / private all vms . 
    create another: start.sh which is interactive script for managing things and ssh .. what do you want to do? create infra and confs from .env, destroy everything, and etc all working 
    also the start.sh script allow to change the dcv password okay ??

10. os
    ubuntu desktop 24.* witrh gnome not any other desktop environment

11. setup
    what values i need and how can i find or do i need to create ??
    create a docs called: SETUP.md for setting up values .. 
    also create a setup.sh for downloading and setting up things in local machine

12. scalability
    in each and every file, possible and recommended, add some comments how we can customize/ configure for scalability

13. users
    user is local host users, they connect using user*.conf file to vpn, then they will open the dcv client and enter the details from the file : connection-info-user*.txt to connect to the dcv server connected to the private instance
    so if i stop the ec2 instance from console and start/restart from aws side does it saves states , configs , datas ?? like a normal PC ??
    our acchitecture should be static private IPs because we have to give this to our clients.
    currently its installing just ran the create.sh script.
    one time IP and password is given. eventhough vpn server's IP changes, we can't change the private instances dcv server's IP changed.

14. admin
    the start file should give access to ssh any of the private instance too,.. for testing proposes .. for checlking latencies and etc . 

15. workflow
    create a dcv server completelely, then create ami if want more upgrade dcv server amount, or reduce etc commands also control that from start file
    but tell in the script that if faster: it will create an ami and store on s3 same s3 and then import copies .. 
    two options: typical around 20 - 40 minutes from start | ami = in 10 - 20 minutes but vm should not be used by anyone because same data copied ?
    AMI with Ubuntu GNOME full desktop and DCV pre-installed using Packer, then launch instances via Terraform with dynamic SSH/user config to avoid copying sensitive data: remove sensitive data full format ... but with gnome and some good go

16. problems
    dcv server restarted and ssh cant, connection lost #fixed
